index.md, before:

---
layout: default
description: Assistant Professor at UC Berkeley Haas. Research in labor & urban economics, inequality, intergenerational mobility, housing, and infrastructure.
---
I study questions in labor and urban economics by applying methods from spatial economics and insights from economic history. My research focuses on the causes and consequences of inequality, often by employing large-scale administrative datasets for the United States. 

I received my Ph.D. in Economics from MIT in 2024 and my B.A. in Economics and B.S. in Applied Mathematics from Stanford in 2018. 

From 2020 to 2024 during my Ph.D., I worked part-time at the Census Bureau's [Center for Economic Studies](https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/ces.html) to build new measures of intergenerational mobility for the mid-20th century.


_Name pronunciation tip_ — my last name is two Chinese characters (危吴) and spoken as way-woo
<br>
## Working Papers
### Unequal Access: Racial Segregation and the Distributional Impacts of Interstate Highways in Cities
{% include accordion_interstate_inequality.html %}
_[Best Student Paper](https://urbaneconomics.org/meetings/awards.html#:~:text=17th%20North%20American%20Meeting%20of,of%20Interstate%20Highways%20in%20Cities%22.)_, Urban Economics Association. <br>
_[Allan Nevins Dissertation Prize](https://eh.net/nevins-prize/)_, Economic History Association

### Opportunity in Motion: Equilibrium Effects of Infrastructure on Intergenerational Mobility
{% include accordion_interstate_igm.html %}

### Measuring Winners and Losers from Increasing Housing Supply
with [Vincent Rollet](https://sites.google.com/site/vjrollet/home){:.co-author-link}
{% include accordion_zoning.html %}

### The Intergenerational Effects of Local Shocks: Income, Migration, and Human Capital
with Martha Stinson and [Sean Wang](https://www.seanwang.page/research){:.co-author-link}
{% include accordion_igm_shocks.html %}

## Works in Progress
### Intergenerational Mobility for Generation X: Estimates from Administrative Data
with Martha Stinson

## Other Papers
### Intergenerational Linkages between Historical IRS 1040 Data and the Numident: 1964-1979 Cohorts
with Martha Stinson. Census Bureau Center for Economic Studies (CES) Technical Note
{% include accordion_linkages_technote.html %}

## Data
### <a id="highways-data"></a>Interstate Highways and Historical Roads

<div class="accordion-heading">
  <h4>Maps:</h4>
  {% include accordion_highways_data_shapefiles.html %}
</div>

<div class="accordion-heading">
  <h4>Commuting Matrix:</h4>
  {% include accordion_highways_data_odmat.html %}
</div>

Commit message:

Revise introduction and add post-doctoral fellowship details
Updated the introduction to clarify research focus and added post-doctoral experience.

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
description: Assistant Professor at UC Berkeley Haas. Research in labor & urban economics, inequality, intergenerational mobility, housing, and infrastructure.
---
I am a labor and urban economist. My research focuses on the causes and consequences of inequality in the U.S. and draws upon methods from spatial economics and economic history. 

I received my Ph.D. in Economics from MIT in 2024 and my B.A. in Economics and B.S. in Applied Mathematics from Stanford in 2018. Before joining UC Berkeley, I was a post-doctoral fellow at Stanford from 2024 to 2025. 

From 2020 to 2024 during my Ph.D., I worked part-time at the Census Bureau's [Center for Economic Studies](https://www.census.gov/programs-surveys/ces.html) to build new measures of intergenerational mobility for the mid-20th century.


_Name pronunciation tip_ — my last name is two Chinese characters (危吴) and spoken as way-woo
<br>
## Working Papers
### Unequal Access: Racial Segregation and the Distributional Impacts of Interstate Highways in Cities
{% include accordion_interstate_inequality.html %}
_[Best Student Paper](https://urbaneconomics.org/meetings/awards.html#:~:text=17th%20North%20American%20Meeting%20of,of%20Interstate%20Highways%20in%20Cities%22.)_, Urban Economics Association. <br>
_[Allan Nevins Dissertation Prize](https://eh.net/nevins-prize/)_, Economic History Association

### Opportunity in Motion: Equilibrium Effects of Infrastructure on Intergenerational Mobility
{% include accordion_interstate_igm.html %}

### Measuring Winners and Losers from Increasing Housing Supply
with [Vincent Rollet](https://sites.google.com/site/vjrollet/home){:.co-author-link}
{% include accordion_zoning.html %}

### The Intergenerational Effects of Local Shocks: Income, Migration, and Human Capital
with Martha Stinson and [Sean Wang](https://www.seanwang.page/research){:.co-author-link}
{% include accordion_igm_shocks.html %}

## Works in Progress
### Intergenerational Mobility for Generation X: Estimates from Administrative Data
with Martha Stinson

## Other Papers
### Intergenerational Linkages between Historical IRS 1040 Data and the Numident: 1964-1979 Cohorts
with Martha Stinson. Census Bureau Center for Economic Studies (CES) Technical Note
{% include accordion_linkages_technote.html %}

## Data
### <a id="highways-data"></a>Interstate Highways and Historical Roads

<div class="accordion-heading">
  <h4>Maps:</h4>
  {% include accordion_highways_data_shapefiles.html %}
</div>

<div class="accordion-heading">
  <h4>Commuting Matrix:</h4>
  {% include accordion_highways_data_odmat.html %}
</div>
